children bearing the scars of war is a
common sight in Gaza but the scars that
can't be seen are likely to have the
most profound long-term
effects my mother and father were killed
my head and legs were
injured outside the hospital in Dar
balah Muhammad isma tries to raise his
family's
pars but he has a huge weight of
responsibility on his
shoulders an Israeli a strike hit the
camp in Rafa this week his brother was
killed along with his wife leaving the
four daughters the youngest only two
months old in his soul
care we woke up to loud explosions my
other brother was killed along with his
wife leaving their daughters they were
all injured but survived I'm single but
now have four daughters to look after I
hope I can be as good as their late
parents the family had been uped from B
lahia in Northern Gaza an area now in
Ruins and so shelter in Rafa a so-called
save Zone according to
Israel 3 weeks ago the Israeli military
launched an operation there ignoring
International warnings that this could
lead to slaughter in an area over
grounded with death placed
people condemnation turned to outrage
when on Sunday is B air strikes sparked
a fire in a camp also designated a safe
Zone these Chariot remains all that's
left at least 45 people mostly women and
children were
killed un experts demanded
accountability after stating hurring
images of Destruction displayed basement
and death have emerged from Rafa
including infants torn apart and people
bured
alive it didn't end there another attack
on a camp in Western Rafa killed 21
people on
Tuesday Israel denies
responsibility I
just our tent was hit by a missile and
that's all I can recall I was scared my
leg was injured it was hurting too
much for now Muhammad can only hug his
family clothes and hope he can protect
them like a
father Gaza is a graveyard for
Palestinian children and for those who
survived such as Dina and Fatima that
are experiencing psychological trauma
and every single time they hear the
sound of the bombardment TK abazo Al
jazer darl balah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
to zero